♪ [upbeat electronic pop music]
When you
take a photo,
make music
or shoot a video,
it’s yours,
you own it.
You also own the copyright.
Which means you decide
how it is used
and who can use it
and if it can be copied
and shared (or remixed).
[DJ scratching]
Creative Commons is a set of licenses
that enable lawful collaboration
to do things
like
copy,
share
and remix.
[ice cracking]
[whoosh]
Creative Commons is a way to
give permission to everyone
to freely reuse your creative works.
Hundreds of sites use these licenses:
[Sites using Creative Commons:] Wikipedia,
YouTube, Archive.org, Vimeo and others.
Creative Commons makes us
all more free to create.
♪ [music intensifies]
Copy, share and remix free media
on Wikimedia Commons:
https://commons.wikimedia.org
#CreativeCommons
♪ [music fading out]